       # Reasons cloud computing is treading nowsdays #



* Cost Saving - 
  By using cloud infrastructure, we don't have to spend huge amounts of money on purchasing and maintaing equipment.
This drastically reduces costs. we don’t have to invest in hardware, facilities, utilities, or building out
a large data center to grow our business. we do not even need large IT teams to handle our cloud data center
operations, as we can enjoy the expertise of our cloud provider’s staff.
Cloud also reduces costs related to downtime. Since downtime is rare in cloud systems, this means 
we don't have to spend time and money on fixing potential issues related to downtime 

* Data security -
Cloud offers many advanced security features that guarantee that data is securely stored and handled.
Cloud storage providers implement baseline protections for their platforms and the data they process, 
such authentication, access control, and encryption. From there, most enterprises supplement these protections 
with added security measures of their own to bolster cloud data protection and tighten access to sensitive information in the cloud.  

*  Scalability -
Different companies have different IT needs -- a large enterprise of 1000+ employees won't have the same 
IT requirements as a start-up.Using cloud is a great solution because it enables enterprise to efficiently --
 and quickly -- scale up/down their IT departments, according to business demands.

Cloud based solutions are ideal for businesses with growing or fluctuating bandwidth demands.
 If our business demands increase, we can easily increase our cloud capacity without having to 
invest in physical infrastructure. This level of agility can give businesses using cloud computing a real advantage over competitors.

This scalability minimizes the risks associated with in-house operational issues and maintenance. 
we have high-performance resources at our disposal with professional solutions and zero up-front investment.
 Scalability is probably the greatest advantage of the cloud.      

*   Mobility -
Cloud computing allows mobile access to corporate data via smartphones and devices, which is a great way to ensure
 that no one is ever left out of the loop. Staff with busy schedules, or who live a long way away from the corporate office,
 can use this feature to keep instantly up-to-date with clients and coworkers.

Resources in the cloud can be easily stored, retrieved, recovered, or processed with just a couple of clicks.
 Users can get access to their works on-the-go, 24/7, via any devices of their choice, in any corner of the world
 as long as you stay connected to the internet. On top of that, all the upgrades and updates are done automatically,
 off-sight by the service providers. This saves time and team effort in maintaining the systems, tremendously reducing the IT team workloads.  

* Control -
Having control over sensitive data is vital to any company. we never know what can happen if a document gets into 
the wrong hands, even if it’s just the hands of an untrained employee.

Cloud enables us complete visibility and control over our data. we can easily decide which users have what level 
of access to what data. This gives you control, but it also streamlines work since staff will easily know what documents
 are assigned to them. It will also increase and ease collaboration. Since one version of the document can be worked on 
by different people, and there's no need to have copies of the same document in circulation.

* Competitive edge -
Not every company will migrate to the cloud, at least not yet. However, organizations which adopt cloud find that many
 benefits that cloud offers positively impacts their business .

Cloud adoption increases every year, since companies realize that it offers them access to world-class enterprise technology.
 And, if you implement a cloud solution now, you'll be ahead of your competitors.             